Everything you do today, every decision you make every day, reverberates infinitely in the immortal soul, persisting through all your descendants—that soul inherited from all your ancestors, who all watch over you, paying spiritual earned in their life to influence fortune in yours. If you choose to be a cringe and sinful loser today, you curse not just your life, but a thousand lives, both before and after you.

—06-23-23

When I said this, I meant it very literally: it’s the mechanism of dynasty, and I'm going to teach you how to see it. I'm going to teach how to see a thousand years into the future.

Habits are like a river bed that guides the direction of fate as it flows through an individual. It doesn't nudge in any direction, except deeper, and deeper. This is how you can be sure of anyone's future, you simply extrapolate the consequences of their current habits, lifestyle and conditions.

You can look at anyone and calculate their future trajectory based on the path they follow today.

It's rare today to meet someone in their 20s actually actively engaged in a serious career. They have little industriousness, willpower or agency. This is a symptom of their education and failed spirituality, because their understanding of the process of future making is foggy, and God given motivations have been made unclear.

They're distracted and confused, but the path can be made clear to anyone with the will to follow it.

People are often asked where they see themselves in 5 years, but that gets you an answer on where they would like to be, not where they're going. It's better framed:

"If you continue to live as you live today, where will it place you in 5 years?"

Your future is a condition of your current activities, and most often the unfortunate answer is: in the exact same place.

Our futures do change, but not slowly—suddenly. Everyone's future has inflection points. Interventions of fate come crashing down like a waterfall and our future is permanently adjusted onto a new trajectory.

You can extrapolate anyone's future trajectory from their current conditions, all the way up until their inflection points.

Most people interpret these moments of fate as something aside from their agency, unrelated to their past actions and the way they live their life. But it's the opposite, these key life points are where your agency to act with virtue, or not, factors in most essentially, both actively and passively.

These moments come in two forms, a test of fate or a karmic reward/retribution.

The latter is a product of your passive, past agency, in your everyday virtuous actions, or lack thereof. Luckiness is of course not a purely random condition, your karma is a consequence of your decision making, because how you live is a needle you push against the realities of everything else you interact with in the world, and this modulates the character and degree of your exposure to any significant moment that might be described as chance.¹

The former demands active, present agency, to prove yourself and your virtue in a challenge. And just as you can extrapolating someone's future based on their current trajectory, you can estimate their successes or failures in these moments of fate based on their current virtue, because virtue is habit and habits are ever ingraining. Rewards follow hardship, and challenges of fate follow success. Your right action in these challenges decide the future you unlock.²